add karmada self assessment (#122)
karmada-io/community: security-team/assessments/README.md

  * The Audit Report [at OSTIF](https://ostif.org/wp-content/uploads/2025/01/OSTIF-Karmada-Report-PT-v1.1.pdf).
  * Read the CNCF's Blog [here](https://www.cncf.io/blog/2025/01/16/announcing-the-results-of-the-karmada-security-audit/).
  * Read the Shielder’s Blog [here](https://www.shielder.com/blog/2025/01/karmada-security-audit/).

## Security Self-Assessment Report

> The Karmada security team conducted a comprehensive security assessment of Karmada, leveraging the self-assessment report completed by the CNCF tag-security team in September 2024 and incorporating the current state of Karmada to ensure a thorough evaluation. Read the Security Self-Assessment Report [here](./self-assessment.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Karmada security team conducted a comprehensive security assessment of Karmada, leveraging the self-assessment report completed by [the CNCF TAG-Security team](https://github.com/cncf/tag-security) in September 2024 and incorporating the current state of Karmada to ensure a thorough evaluation. Read the Security Self-Assessment Report [here](./self-assessment.md).

```

References:

>   * The Karmada Security Self-Assessment Report [at CNCF](https://github.com/cncf/tag-security/blob/main/community/assessments/projects/karmada/self-assessment.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * The Karmada Security Self-Assessment Report [published by CNCF TAG-Security](https://github.com/cncf/tag-security/blob/main/community/assessments/projects/karmada/self-assessment.md).

```
